right
so i've been attempting to do past paper
questions today
with varying levels of success some
things make sense
other things i just feel i have no hope
of understanding
i'm still deciding whether i thought the
first paper was a nice paper
i said i wasn't going to analyze how i
did and i'm not but you know
it's in the back of my brain tomorrow
next day
two more exams then i've got a weekend
to
cram a bit more and then my final exam
on monday
let's go hello everyone so it is another
exam
day yay i'm just glad i'm getting one
done today and one done tomorrow i just
i just want to get them out the way to
be honest
even if they're going to go badly at
least they'll be done
i am slightly worried about what
questions are going to come up today
i think when i first see the questions
i'm definitely going to feel
overwhelmed and feel like i can't answer
any of them but i actually do need to
relax
because often when you take some more
time to look at the questions
you suddenly realize they're not as hard
as you initially thought i just panic
at the first sight of any sort of
algebra or numbers which is really not
ideal in a um
astrophysics exam i'm a bit tired which
is not good i need to wake myself up
before the exam
okay so i am now having my pre-exam
fuel which is oh the plate's really hot
breakfast i've got an egg
some bacon some toast and some orange
juice
all very kindly prepared by my mother
because my exams are 12 to 3 it's quite
an
awkward time of day i'd normally be
having lunch so i hold off with having a
big breakfast
i have brunch about 11 o'clock
and then i do my exam at 12 and that way
i'm not hungry during the exam
although to be honest because we're
seeing exams at home there's nothing
really stopping us from snacking during
the exams i could have a coffee in my
exam if i wanted to
but i also worry that it would put me
off and i'd spend more time
procrastinating eating
food than actually doing the questions
wouldn't end well shout out to my mum
though for preparing
this food i am looking forward to
tucking in
all right it's exam time
ah let's just get it over with
that was stressful every single proof
or equation was just not dropping out
the right numbers that i wanted it to
and it wasn't like i didn't know where
to go with the question
it's just the algebra was getting messy
no question was working i thought right
i'll leave that to the side i'll come
back to it later move on to the next
question i'd have the same issue
i just feel like that paper was not on
my side at
all whatever hopefully i passed
on to the next one i've got myself a
chai tea i am rather enjoying it i'm
just taking a break this afternoon
i do kind of feel like i need to get
back on it soon because my next exam is
tomorrow
i'm just trying not to think too much
about the exam i just had because
it wasn't great if i think about how
other people have done i get really
psyched out as well
it's almost better that i've not got
that contact with my course mates i have
no idea how they've been finding the
papers
i'm gonna continue watching some youtube
videos
and doing anything that doesn't involve
using my brain
hello everyone so it is exam day
number three the day of my third exam
i've got just under an hour 50 minutes
actually
until the exam is due to start i'm just
gonna have something to eat in a moment
and i'm going through my topics in
observational astrophysics notes because
in the paper yesterday there was a
surprisingly nice question
from this module i didn't see till the
end i only ended up attempting part two
of the question because that was all i
had time for but i really should have
looked at it more closely earlier in the
exam and realized it was a nice question
but i'm going off the fact that it was a
nice question in the last paper
that this paper's question is also going
to be nice i've decided
that i need to just remind myself a bit
of quasar stuff
and gravitational waves gravitational
lensing
hopefully today will be a good day
hopefully this exam will go better than
the last one
we'll see all right we're set up we have
our table
we have our notes it's now time to
download it
because it is gone midday i can download
that paper
and complete it and i just don't want to
i will speak to you guys on the other
side
hello everyone so it is the evening i've
had my exam
and i won't lie to you guys this
afternoon i've been quite tearful
and it wasn't even because my exam went
bad my exam went fine
i made the mistake of tuning in to the
jesus
town hall this evening which was an
online conference call that all the
students could tune into
with a q a with the master of jesus
college and
the birther of jesus college and the
senior tutor of jesus college and all
the top people in college basically
and they were talking about what life
jesus is going to look like post
lockdown
i know i'm not going back next year but
i was just kind of
interested a lot of my friends are going
to be back there next year um
but watching it just made me feel sad
because even if i was going back next
year it wouldn't
be the same as what i've had before
because of all the social distancing
that's having to take place
all the reworking of teaching was taking
place
like college life won't necessarily be
the same experience that i had before
and i guess it made me realize also that
when i'm outside of the cambridge bubble
it's going to be quite hard for me to
visit in the near future
because of social distancing i have this
really bad issue that when i start
crying on a day
for the rest of the day i'm extremely
cheerful and honestly anything can just
prompt me to burst into tears again
and that's not really ideal i don't want
that i'm
so fed up like this situation's
temporary and
it's all gonna work out okay i really
miss cambridge at the moment it's it's
my home
and i don't know i just feel like i've
lost my home and i'm getting upset again
but this evening i am hopefully gonna be
cheered up because
it is henry's 21st birthday today
and he's having a zoom 21st birthday
party so i'm just about to ring on and
hopefully that'll make me miss cambridge
less because
there'll be loads of cambridge faces
okay so i've just left the cool
and it was nice to catch up with some of
my friends from cambridge
honestly i'm just really tired this
evening
i need to get a good night's sleep
tonight i'm not gonna set an alarm
tomorrow cause
i really just need to catch up on sleep
and i think i deserve a lie in
today's been a rough one i've been
coping quite well
with lockdown so far but today's just
been one of those off days
henry if you're watching i hope you had
a good birthday
and i hope to catch up with everyone
again soon
my parents seem to think i've burnt
myself out and
i'm being over dramatic about exams
because
i've been overworking myself but
at the same time i'm just sat here
thinking i haven't done enough work i
don't know enough
do you know when it's like impossible to
step back and see the actual situation
i feel like i'm seeing everything with a
slightly skewed view
so i'm not too sure whether i've been
working really hard
or not working hard at home it's likely
somewhere in the middle to be honest
with you
anyway the plan is to take my makeup off
get a good night's sleep and
get back to some revision tomorrow good
morning everyone
so it is late morning and
i need to go get going in a second i've
had a lovely
long lion and i've also just had
pancakes with nutella on for
breakfast which was so good i feel a lot
better this morning
hello everyone so i'm doing a face mask
this evening
because during lockdown face masks have
become
my new passion it's self-care you know
revision's gone okay today i
am trying to predict the questions that
are going to come up on my final paper
on monday
actually i'm going to tell you my
predictions for my observational topics
module
i think a question on exoplanets is
going to come up
quantum mechanics possibly time
independent perturbation theory
hopefully i predict sun correctly so i
revise the right stuff this weekend
i'm just really really really looking
forward to being finished
a big tradition when we finished exams
is we all get sprayed
with carver when we leave our final exam
sadly
i'm not going to be leaving the example
with all my friends this year
but my family are going to step in and
spray me with carver because
it's tradition
and here we have it my last
evening of revision is drawing to a
close
i was about to start another question
and then was like
nope i don't have time for this it is 11
20. but i've done quite a few questions
this evening lots of statistical physics
so i've done well good morning everyone
so it's the day of my last exam i'm
literally
just waiting for a minute or two until
the download link is live on moodle so i
can download the final paper
and set myself three hours to sit it
this morning hasn't been
great because i've had the worst cramps
ever it's like the universe
knew that today of all days was the day
i didn't want cramps you know the day of
my last exam so i want to be feeling
top-notch and haven't felt great this
morning but i've taken some painkillers
i'm feeling slightly better now
hopefully i don't start to feel worse
again during the exam that wouldn't be
great it's meant that i haven't
got the revision done that i wanted to
do this morning and i got a really bad
night's sleep last night
sometimes that's the way you know wish
me luck for my final exam look
we're set up for one last time and then
i'll have space to move in my room again
because i can remove this table
because honestly my room has been an
obstacle course lately i've been having
to like hurdle over chairs
slide round tables
is
oh my god
i'm getting covered in it as well all
right everyone so i've been spraying
carver as per
tradition and i'm done with exams
exams are over for this year i'd like to
say i finished a degree
but i do have a viva to do at the end of
the month
i've worked hard these last few months
and
hopefully the results are okay i think
i've passed i think i'm fine
and that's all that matters thanks for
joining me this week
as i took my final other set of
cambridge exams
it's been a weird one sitting them at
home but one that i definitely won't
forget
now i smell of carver this is the
classic post-exam
smell when we're normally at uni you
walk out exams and the smell of carver
hits you on that final day of exams and
yeah
i am definitely smelling that right now
thanks for joining me this week guys
i will see you soon with another video i
will
inform you of my results in due course
when i know them
i'm gonna go have a shower and wash the
carver out my hair
give the video a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe down below
follow me over on instagram hit the
notification bell
comment down below if you've had online
exams too and tell me how you found them
and yeah bye guys
[Music]